Add support to configure the PHP version for the build-assets-compilation workflow (#20)
inpsyde/reusable-workflows: docs/assets-compilation.md

#### Inputs

> | Name                  | Default                       | Description                                                           |
> |-----------------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | `PHP_VERSION`         | 7.4                           | PHP version with which the assets compilation is to be executed  |
> | `NPM_REGISTRY_DOMAIN` | `https://npm.pkg.github.com/` | Domain of the private npm registry                               |
> | `NODE_VERSION`        | 16                            | Node version with which the assets will be compiled              |
> | `COMPOSER_ARGS`       | `'--prefer-dist'`             | Set of arguments passed to Composer                              |
> | `COMPILE_ASSETS_ARGS` | `'-v --env=root'`             | Set of arguments passed to Composer Asset Compiler               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name                  | Default                       | Description                                                      |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `PHP_VERSION`         | 7.4                           | PHP version with which the assets compilation is to be executed  |
| `NPM_REGISTRY_DOMAIN` | `https://npm.pkg.github.com/` | Domain of the private npm registry                               |
| `NODE_VERSION`        | 16                            | Node version with which the assets will be compiled              |
| `COMPOSER_ARGS`       | `'--prefer-dist'`             | Set of arguments passed to Composer                              |
| `COMPILE_ASSETS_ARGS` | `'-v --env=root'`             | Set of arguments passed to Composer Asset Compiler               |
```

> | `NPM_REGISTRY_DOMAIN` | `https://npm.pkg.github.com/` | Domain of the private npm registry                                    |
> | `NODE_VERSION`        | 16                            | Node version with which the assets will be compiled                   |
> | `COMPOSER_ARGS`       | `'--prefer-dist'`             | Set of arguments passed to Composer                                   |
> | `COMPILE_ASSETS_ARGS` | `'-v --env=root'`             | Set of arguments passed to Composer Asset Compiler                    |
> | `PHP_VERSION`         | 7.4                           | PHP version with which the coding standard analysis is to be executed |

Reviewer: I moved the input to the first row and fixed the description. Not sure if it should mention the Composer Assets Compiler specifically.

```suggestion
| `PHP_VERSION`         | 7.4                           | PHP version with which the assets compilation is to be executed |
| `NPM_REGISTRY_DOMAIN` | `https://npm.pkg.github.com/` | Domain of the private npm registry                                    |
| `NODE_VERSION`        | 16                            | Node version with which the assets will be compiled                   |
| `COMPOSER_ARGS`       | `'--prefer-dist'`             | Set of arguments passed to Composer                                   |
| `COMPILE_ASSETS_ARGS` | `'-v --env=root'`             | Set of arguments passed to Composer Asset Compiler                    |
```
